Search description fix per Andre's request (#1235)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/search/criteria_reference/fulltext_criterion.md

- `value` - string to search for

## Supported syntax

> Full text search syntax is available when using Solr search engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All features of full text search syntax are available when using Solr search engine.
```
